just get that better blending one thing
after this drill be better at that on
the ladders on the move pass circuit
there we go
don't hop cami our aquatic friend the
Frog
don't do it transition now no wasted
movements put your weight on the inside
patty your foot quality h2o what's up
man
Mayson no knuckleball start calling you
are a Dickie you know that is
knuckleballer
is there anything you'd like to say to
the millions of fans watching out there
coach Anderson
not bad Clarkson but don't go backwards
on you first come off the ball if it
ain't violent and ain't worth doing okay
go ahead
tighten down to the bag Stan no this way
back up tightened down there you go that
way now you can look at you want Drive
you're stuck in here for the one man all
right
yeah now you got a chance with a base if
you line up over there you're gonna be
like this when you strike all right
there we go
okay batter hey Olson do me a favor and
look through your index finger all right
don't punch like this look through your
index finger so your thumbs are up okay
here we go says hey hey no do it again
do it again no look at me
look at me replacement step and drive
the second that's when you're hitting
them right when that foot hits coupe
hits the ground so with me yes so hey
batter batter now no listen to me you
don't have to you don't have to be like
this yeah I'm gonna make sense I don't
mind you putting your hand in here as
long as you keep your shoulders square
that makes sense what you can do is this
right so you have to make sure you keep
a high leg your legs will keep you
square now you can be like this does
that make sense here we go
don't step on my foot you got me here we
go good better now you got to get a
little bit more depth come back better
better batter there we go
in the cage in the cage in the cage my
eyes are here okay for one as soon as I
do that what I have to do yeah I got a
snap up for the back right you can't
stay in here like this right okay good
hey Clarkson you see where your hands
are why why is your hand in the sternum
right here on a gap
where should your hand be should look
like this right that guy ain't gonna hit
your hand cuz he's hitting the hip
you wouldn't me don't get your hand in
here get your hands on his handlebars
right here we go so hey that's frickin
outstanding Hopkins hey that's
outstanding with your pad level it's
really good here we go
Brad you should have been in a dance
competition see that we need to just
pump our brakes which you know I'm
saying yeah yeah okay good punch good
punch Hey well that's outstanding okay
until you punch you cut the bull you get
out right everything's great and they
don't start doing this and you want to
lunch okay know what happens when I get
your edge the guy's hands away straight
to your chest and your hands are out
here punch inside you wouldn't me what
do you got to do the long down here we
go okay not bad now Harlow look it even
up the very end you never grabbed on to
it
no okay hit my hand off hit it off get
it off in the food you understand
grab on okay this is all legal right
here all legal okay here we go
hey all five you that's much better much
better much better
Harlow much better man good job